1) You are driving on a very narrow road and can see 50m ahead. What must be your maximum stopping distance? 
	Ans: 25m
	
2) Up to what height is a load not allowed to project over the front of the vehicle? 
	Ans: 2.5 m

3) You want to park on the right hand edge of the roadway. What must be the minimum distance between your vehicle and the lane boundary marking? 
	Ans: 3 m
	
4) What is the maximum distance a load may project backwards beyond the rear reflectors withot a projection marker being necessary? 
	Ans: 1m
	
5) Upto what distances before and behind crossroads and junctions is parking prohibited? 
	Ans: 5m
	
6) What does power sound in the car result in? 
	Ans: a) There is noise pollution for others even when the windows are closed.
		 b) Signals from other traffic in particular sirens are not heard.
		 c) Driving errors due to the driver being diverted.
		 
7) Having committed several violations during the probationary period, the authorities have ordered a driver to attend an advanced seminar. The new driver
	fails to comply with the order. What may he now anticipate? 
	Ans: The withdrawal of driving license.
	
8) At which time of the day you have to reckon with increased game pass? 
	Ans: a) At dawn
		 b) At dusk
		 
9) What should be achieved by attending an advanced seminar during probationary period? 
	Ans: a) A more considerate and risk-conscious attitude to driving on public roads.
		 b) Improved risk awareness
		 
10) What is the normal trial period?
	Ans: 2 years
	
11) Where are you allowed to park a trailer with a permissible total mass exceeding 2 t in built up areas regularly on sundays and public holidays and between
    10 pm and 6 am? 
	Ans: a) In wholly residential areas on specially designated parking spaces
		 b) In industrial areas
		 
12) When must a car with trailer driving outside built up areas on roads with only one way for each direction keep a sufficient distance from the car in front
	so that an overtaking vehicle may pull in? 
	Ans: When it exceeds 7 m
	
13) Up to what distance is it not allowed to park before or behind a bus or tram stop sign?
	Ans: 15m in each case
	
14) You want to park in front of a st andrews cross in a buit up area. What is the minimum distance you must leave clear? 
	Ans: 5m
	
15) Upto what distances before and behind crossroads and junctions is parking prohibited? 
	Ans: 5m
	
16) 