1) What is the significance of orange warning plates on vehicle? 
	Ans: It is transporting dangerous goods

2) Driving line to be maintained upto the left turn? 
	Ans: Left

3) The rule of thumb when calculating the braking distance for evasive braking on a dry, even and asphalted roadway? 
	Ans: ((kmh/10)(kmh/10)):2

4) Where is parking prohibited? 
	Ans: On narrow roadways opposite driveway entrances and exits
		 At taxi ranks
		 
5) What must you observe particularly when driving through a tunnel?
	Ans: a) You may be distracted by loud noise
		 b) You may be distracted by light effects
		 c) Signs for safety installations such as emergency exits and emergency telephones
		 
6) You are driving in dense fog on a federal road outside a built up area. Are you allowed to drive in the middle of the road cont. straddling the broken white line? 
	Ans: No because it could hinder the traffic coming from front.
	
7) How do you drive with consideration to the environment? 
	Ans: a) Decelerate in good time and use the momentum of the car if the next light is red.
		 b) Avoid unnecessary acceleration and braking
		 
8) How can you save fuel? 
	Ans: a) By removing roof racks or ski racks
	     b) By observing at least the tyre pressure indicated in owner's manual
		 
9) When must you drive at least with dipped headlights? 
	Ans: a) In the daytime if visibility conditions make it necessary
		 b) When driving through badly lit underpasses
		 c) In twilight
		 
10) The windscreeen wipers on your car do not function. What can be the cause of it? 
	Ans: a) Blown fuse
	     b) 

11) Why is it beneficial to use low viscosity engine oil? 
	Ans: a) Reduce fuel consumption
  	     b) Generate less friction in the engine

12) What are the effects of listening to loud music specially with loud bass in the car?
	Ans: a) Blind people lose their orientation when they are near the car.
	     b) The driver's attention is significantly impaired.
	   
13) How can noise be avoided? 
	Ans: a) By switching off engine if you have to wait or stop for a long period.
	     b) If possible, avoid strong acceleration.
	     
14) A pedestrian with a white stick wants to cross the road infront of you. What should you do? 
	Ans: a) Reduce speed and stop if necessary.
	     
15) A traffic calmed commercial zone (verkehrsberuhigter Bereich) starts here. What must you do? 
	Ans: a) You must pay attention to the allowed maximum parking time.
	     b) You must specifically watch out for busy pedestrian traffic. 
16) On a road in built up area, a car is driving infront of you at a speed somewhat slower than that permitted. You are annoyed at the slower-moving car. What should you do? 
	Ans: a) I overtake at a suitable place
	     b) I adjust my speed to that of the vehicle ahead.

17) When breaking, you notice that your vehicle pulls to the right. What should you do? 
	Ans: a) I go to a workshop

18) While driving in a vehicle, you were forced to bring your vehicle to a halt due to fire. What should you do now? 
	Ans: a) I extinguish the fire as best I can
	     b) I trigger the fire alarm at the emergency call point
	    
19) A regular bus has in the oncoming traffic has stopped at a bus stop on the same roadway with hazard warning lights on. What do you do? 
	Ans: a)  Slow down to a walking speed

20) You are the first one to arrive at the scene of an accident with injured persons. What should you do first as a rule? 
	Ans: a) Make the scene of the accident safe.

21) A traffic jam has formed on three lane autobahn. Where must the channel for emergency vehicles be formed? 
	Ans: a) Between the left hand and the middle lanes.

22) A police officer is regulating traffic at a crossroads where there are also traffic signs governing priority. What applies? 
    	Ans: a) The police officer's signlas.

23) What must you observe particularly when driving through a tunnel? 
	Ans: a) Signs for safety installations such as emergency exits and emergeny telephones?
	     b) You may be distracted by loud noise.
	     c) You may be distracted by light effects. 

24) What is the permissible top speed generally in built up areas? 
	Ans: 50 km/h

25) Are you allowed to transport persons on the loading platform of your truck?
	Ans: a) Yes if they have to carry out the necessary work.

26) Who is responsible for the road worthiness of a licenseed 
	Ans: a) The owner
	     b) The driver

27) You are driving on an avenue with a narrow carriageway. What must you be aware of?
	Ans: a) I may only drive at the speed that allows me to stop within half of my rnage of vision.
             b) I have to anticipate the unevennes at the edge of the carriageway cause by the roots of the trees.
	     c) Coflicts can arise with the oncoming traffic.

28) When must you switch on the hazard warning lights? 
	Ans: a) When your vehicle has broken down at a place where it cannot be recognized as a stationary obstruction.
	     
29) What must you remember when driving a truck and trailer with a trailer equipped with overrun breaks? 
	Ans: a) Reversing without problems is not possible for all trailers.
	     b) In the case of certain trailers, the reverse lock must be engaged before reversing

30) You are travelling at 50 kph and have a reaction time of 1 second. What is the reaction distance according to the rule of thumb? 
	Ans: 15m

31) What top speed must be entered in the vehicle documents to be allowed to use on the autobahns?
	Ans: 60 km/h

32) What is the minimum distance you must leave clear when parking outside a built up area before a St. Andrew's cross? 
	Ans: 50m 

33) You are driving at 100 km/h on a road not inside a built up area. Infront of you a truck is travelling at 70 km/h. What is the minimum distance you must be from the crest at the road when commencing an overtake?
	Ans: 800m

34) Where must you use a parking disc for parking? 
	Ans: a) At a defective parking meter
	     b) Where stipulated by signs of traffic.
		 
35) Two arrow signs in circle. Black vs red. Black one takes preference over red one.

36) You want to couple up a trailer with ball coupling. What is correct? 
	Ans: a) The claw of the coupling must fit securely around the ball.
		 b) The electrics must be connected.
 
37) What do you do when a bus has stopped at a bus stop with its hazard warning lights switched on? 
	Ans: a) Wait if passengers could be inconvinienced
		 b) Drive past at walking speed only and if necessary stop
		 c) Drive past at a sufficient distance in order to exclude endangering pedestrians.
		 
38) You are approaching a level crossing with barriers. Where must you wait if you would have to stop on the rails in case of traffic congestion?
	Ans: a) In front of the st. andrew's cross
	
39) What are the special conditions when driving along tree lined avenues?
	Ans: a) There are particularly narrow and blind bends
		 b) The narrow and often cambered roadway required special caution when there in oncoming traffic.
		 
40) What is the minimum distance you must leave clear when stopping or parking infront of a pedestrian crossing?
	Ans: 5m
	
41) You are driving in a built up area behind a vehicle with number plates that are not local. What could happen?
	a) May switch on the direction indicators too late before turning
	b) Could stop Unexpectedly to ask the way
	c) Could brake unexpectedly
	
42) By which rule of thumb can you determine the braking distance in metres from speed when braking normally? 
	a) (speed kph / 10)(speed kph / 10)
	
43) What is the maximum length of time you are allowed to stop at a bus stop provided you do not present an obstruction to buses? 
	a) 3 minutes
	
44) What is the maximum height allowed above the roadway for a red light marking a load extending to the back?
	Ans: 1.5m
	
45) Recommended speed for cars and motorbikes on autobahn.
	Ans: 130 km/h
	
46) Upto what distance is it not allowed to park before or behind a bus or tram stop? 
	Ans: 15m
	
47) What is the minimum tread depth of all your vehicle's tyres? 
	Ans: 1.6 mm
	
48) When must a car with trailer driving outside built up areas on roads with only one lane for each direction keep a sufficient distance from the car in front so that
	an overtaking vehicle may pull in? 
	Ans: What the combination of vehicles exceeds: 7m
	
49) What is the minimum distance a vehicle must leave clear in front of traffic lights if the traffic lights would be concealed by the vehicle? 
	Ans: 10m
	
50) You vehicle loses oil. How much drinking water can be polluted by a single drop of oil? 
	Ans: 600 m
	
51) You want to park in front of St Andrew's cross in a built up area. What is the minimum distance you must leave clear? 	
	Ans: 5 m
	
52) What is the maximum speed you are allowed to drive a car with trailer on roads outside of built up areas? 
	Ans: 80 km/h
	
53) What is the minimum distance you must leave clear when parking outside a built up area before a St. Andrew's cross? 
	Ans: 50m
	
54) Which motor vehicles may freely choose their lane inside built up areas? 
	Ans: All motor vehicles with total permissible mass of 3.5 t
	
55) What is the maximum speed you are allowed to drive a car on roads with one marked lane for each direction outside built up areas? 
	Ans: 100 km/h
	
56) Up to which permissible total mass may motor vehicles be parked on specially designated footpaths? 
	Ans: 2,8 t
	
57) Upto what distance is it not allowed to park before or behind a bus or tram stop sign?
	Ans: 15m
	
58) A single axle trailer has an actual gross weight of 600 kg. What is the minimum possible vertical load? 
	Ans: 24 kg (=4%) 
	
59) What is the maximum speed you are allowed to drive a truck with a permissible total mass of 3.0t on roads with one marked lane for each direction outside built up areas?
	Ans: 100 km/h
	
60) 